fix: show the proper permissions in threads (#1047)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/1047.bugfix.rst

> Fix permission resolution for :meth:`.Thread.permissions_for` to use :attr:`Permissions.send_messages_in_threads` instead of :attr:`Permissions.send_messages` for calculating implicit permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix permission resolution for :class:`Thread`\s to use :attr:`Permissions.send_messages_in_threads` instead of :attr:`Permissions.send_messages` for calculating implicit permissions.
```
since `permissions_for` is used by other methods (like check decorators) as well, this can be generalized a bit

Author: shoot, do those need versionchanged as well

Author: [`582955c` (#1047)](https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/1047/commits/582955cdabae128581b84848212a93ed64ccd1b9)

Reviewer: not really, documenting it in the main location is fine.
